SAP Formulas (#498)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/quickstart-sap/pages/configure.adoc

= Configure Clients

{productname} uses formulas with forms to configure your SAP clients.

> There are two formulas that you need to use: ``Hana`` to configure the HANA database, and ``Cluster`` to configure the clients into a cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two formulas that you need to use:

* ``Hana`` to configure the HANA database
* ``Cluster`` to configure the clients into a cluster
```

> The formulas are provided by packages that you can download from your package manager.

Reviewer: Drive-by remark: I think you can download the packages _with_ the package manager (I always think about it as a software tool) or _from_ an installation source (repo, etc.). Maybe, I'm blinded by my German language background, though.

Author: No, I think that's pretty reasonable, actually. I'll update.

In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to menu:Systems[System List] and click the client to use as the primary client in the cluster.

Navigate to the [guimenu]``Formulas`` tab, locate the ``Sap Hana Deployment`` heading, and check the ``Hana`` formula in the list.
Click btn:[Save] and apply the highstate to activate the formula.

> When the formula is applied, you can navigate to the menu:Formulas[Hana] tab, and complete the details in the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the formula is activated, navigate to the menu:Formulas[Hana] tab, and complete the details in the form.
```

Make sure you check [guimenu]``Install required packages`` to install everything you need on the client.
In the [guimenu]``Nodes`` sections, type the hostname of the client to install the HANA database, and provide details for the installation.

> Complete the remaining details according to your environment, click btn:``Save``, and apply the highstate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Complete the remaining details according to your environment, click btn:[Save], and apply the highstate.
```

Author: :woman_facepalming:

When the highstate is complete, you can go on to apply the cluster formula.

== Enable and Configure the Cluster Formula

In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to menu:Systems[System List] and click the client to use as the primary client in the cluster.

Navigate to the [guimenu]``Formulas`` tab, locate the ``Cluster`` heading, and check the ``Cluster`` formula in the list.
Click btn:[Save] and apply the highstate to activate the formula.

> When the formula is applied, you can navigate to the menu:Formulas[Cluster] tab, and complete the details in the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the formula is activated, navigate to the menu:Formulas[Cluster] tab, and complete the details in the form.
```

Make sure you check [guimenu]``Install required packages`` to install everything you need on the client.
Give your cluster a name, and specify the hostname of the primary client in the cluster.

> Complete the remaining details according to your environment, click btn:``Save``, and apply the highstate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Complete the remaining details according to your environment, click btn:[Save], and apply the highstate.
```
